Week 1
Group formed and named. Discord server created to log work easier. Briefly discussed topics in favour of P7 & P10. Due to complications
with Twitter API costing $100 USD/mth and expenses with an LiWC dictionary, selected P10. Selected Team Lead, Scrum Master and created the Jira
Site. Discussed meeting times, and delegations according to the project specification. Brainstormed different tools we'd need, and 
created a list of potential itemList for client.

Week 2
Drew a sketch of how we envisioned the program to look like on a whiteboard. Refined our list of itemList based on the new specification. 
Had a meeting with the client and confirmed several details, deciding to use React for the UI and move away from AutoML into real Machine Learning.
Worked on a prototype for the Storyboard in Figma, and diagram for Software architecture. Documented this in the proposal document written in Latex.

Week 3
Set up a docker environment for the project, as well as the Frontend (React) and backend stack (FastAPI, python). Wrote some documentation for the API 
calls required for the frontend, and began development of the frontend UI according to our prior Figma design.

Week 4
Created models for pipes and microservices. Set up working CRUD routes for them and hooked the backend to the frontend. On the frontend created a dynamic
multi-step form with upload_file functionality which is sent to the backend and parsed. Rendered the backend pipes on the frontend in a dynamic list.

Week 5
Changed design of pipe to show status, and be executable multiple times rather than executing output after creation. Worked on cleaning up code/refactoring
and tried to implement form validation (still in progress).

Week 6
Refactored editing microservices logic to work with editing pipelines as well, changed view result button to view output from microservices after exection and a paginated display of the results.
Added select-all and delete functionality for pipes, and togglable tooltip to edit pipelines, view microservices or delete a pipe. 

Week 7
Refactored frontend to accept and validate input parameters based on type parsed in from backend. Bug fixing to ensure this new format works in the backend pipeline_parser. Set up custom regex tests 
to filter input and reduce errors which would break the pipeline.


Week 8
Assisted teammates with bug fixing via screenshare and pair programming. Did some bug fixes and refactors but not too much as I had finished my tickets. Helped prepare for the demo, and wrote
a bit of installation documentation for the final report.
