Week 1:
We formed our group this week. Had a group meeting to discuss which project we were going to do - I organised the meeting and did some research into a few of the possible projects. Then, looked into the Twitter API for fake news detection and realised it was very expensive. Then I helped look into the other projects and develop an alternative plan if we weren't able to find a way to get the Twitter API.

Week 2:
We decided that we would go with the microservices project P10 instead of the one we had originally chosen because the problems with the Twitter API being too expensive were not resolved. I organised a few meetings to discuss delegating tasks. Because the project we chose has a lot of different moving components and is very client-intensive with discussing requirements, we decided to split up team lead and scrum master and I became team lead instead.

I compiled a list of all the questions we had and designed a basic flowchart so we could better understand the requirements for the project. Then, I attended a meeting with the client, took notes and followed up with the questions we had. Then we started the project planning and user story creation.

I created the document for the proposal and set out the basic skeleton for the first third of the report. Then, we set a soft deadline to fill in the proposal.

Week 3:
We continued the proposal which was due on Friday. We had a good idea of what the project involved and I organised a meeting to ensure that the deadline would be met. We removed the soft deadline as we were sure we would be able to meet the Friday deadline.

I conducted research on the use of microservices in other systems and downloaded some financial datasets to experiment with the feasibility of a stock prediction system. After determining that this would not be too difficult, we added it as an additional microservice to the project.

I wrote the introduction and, with some help, the relevant works section. Additionally, I took detailed notes from the lectures on the requirements for the proposal for our team to use to ensure we met all the criteria needed.

Week 4:
We focused completely on sprint 1 - initially having a meeting to discuss our plan for the sprint and decided on having many meetings, trying to finish most deliverables a few days early to allow for time to review features and as a buffer time. Additionally, we allocated tasks based on interests and expertise. I took the backend roles of:
1. Creating sentiment analysis based on yfinance news data
2. Creating parsing functionality for uploaded microservices
3. Creating pipeline executing functionality to allow us to run multiple microservices in series
4. Creating file management within the above functionality that allowed for separate data in different pipelines to be separated

I completed 1, 2 and 3 during the week and then, once the frontend was able to query the backend properly to facilitate the use, I further edited the functionality to be compatible with the formats provided and required by the frontend. At the same time, I fulfilled by role leading the team by regularly following up with everyone and collaborating with the scrum master on deadlines. 

Week 5:
I continued working on 2, 3 of the above tasks and finished those along with 4. I additionally, edited some of the microservices to do with data gathering that were done by other team members so that they were compatible with the pipeline executer and the frontend.

We spent some time preparing for the demo and I helped debug relevant code and discuss whether we had met the user stories and goals for sprint 1. Then, I aided in smaller changes via pair programming to ensure that our code was fully functional. We made a list of tasks that had to be done before the demo and completed those. Then, I assisted Christian in recording the demo - discussing what to showcase on the screen during the recording itself.

We conducted the demo and the retrospective, making a list of everything that went well and everything to improve. Using this, we came up with actionables for the next sprint. Then, we had a meeting to allocate tasks for sprint 2 and started the sprint.

Week 6:
This week I worked on the machine learning aspect of our project. This involves taking the completed sentiment analysis from the previous sprint and incorporating it with a convolutional neural network to predict future stock prices using a specific number of prior days.

I conducted research into typical methods to achieve this and came up with some of the basic code to feed into a simple neural network. Next week I hope to tune the hyperparameters and incorporate sentiment analysis features to increase the accuracy of the model.

Week 7:
I completed the model and tuned the hyperparameters until the performance reached a maximum - the MAE for MSFT stocks reached about 8.7 which meant that there was less than a 3% error in predictions while using existing data to predict data. The model performs quite well for extrapolation and the graphs trend in a similar direction to past data with a small emphasis on sentiment data as well. I also fixed up some issues with reading and writing files and then chained the machine learning microservice with data collection and sentiment analysis. This was useful because then, the microservice for machine learning could also be combined with the write_plot microservice.

I added multiple stocks' data to the machine learning model to improve resilience and reduced the nnumber of neurons in the dense layer to increase bias and increase variance as it was overfitting the model. After doing this, the MAE fell to 4.3 which was less than a 1% error for most of the data.

Then, I worked on bug testing. I manually made several chained pipelines and tested different functionality like editing the parameters of a pipeline and using more complex operations such as a weighted mean with sentiment. The pipeline performed really well despite this.
